[â¬…ï¸Back](../meetings.md)
# ğŸ“ Weekly Meeting Notes â€” Week 7

**Date:** 2025-11-12  
**Time:** 9:00 - 10:00pm  
**Attendees:** Vansh Taneja, Jagjot Brar, Aakansh Chatterjee, Sai Vashnavi Jattu, Aalpesh Dayal, Digaant Chokkra  
**Recorder:** Sai Vashnavi Jattu  
**Location/Platform:** Discord Call  

---

## ğŸ¯ Meeting Objectives
- [x] Review issues/things not achieved in Milestone 3  
- [x] Team distribution into Admin and Organiser  
- [x] Discuss timeline and next steps  
- [x] Other concerns from team members  

---

## ğŸ—£ï¸ Discussion Summary

**1. Review Issues / Things Not Achieved in Milestone 3**  
- Javadocs were not compiling properly â€” need to investigate and consult the TA.  
- Some test cases for functions remain incomplete. Each member will write test cases for their respective code.  
- General reminders:  
  - Always pull from the main branch before starting work.  
  - Retire or rename outdated branches.  
  - Check emails for code review updates and respond promptly to pull/commit requests.  

**2. Geo-location Feature**  
- Conducted a poll on whether to include the optional geolocation feature.  
- Team decided not to include it for now; if the app is completed before the deadline, this feature can be added later.  

**3. Team Distribution (Admin vs Organiser)**  
- **Admin Team:** Vansh Taneja, Aakansh Chatterjee, Sai Vashnavi Jattu  
- **Organiser Team:** Jagjot Brar, Aalpesh Dayal, Digaant Chokkra  
- The Admin team will later assist with UI development and integration once core functionalities are complete.  

**4. Timeline Discussion**  
- **Nov 18 (9 PM):**  
  - Develop and finalize ideas for the â€œSpecial Additionâ€ feature.  
  - Discuss database structure and required changes.  
  - Update branches with the latest main branch code; close unused ones.  
- **Nov 22 (9 PM):**  
  - Progress update on assigned tasks.  
  - Review distribution of remaining work.  
- **Final Meeting â€” Nov 26 (9 PM):**  
  - Ensure the entire app is functional and ready for submission.  
  - Focus on final bug fixes, polish, and testing.  

**5. Other Concerns**  
- Database structure needs adjustments to better store required details.  
- Currently, there are separate event and waiting list structures.  
- Aalpesh proposed modifying the waiting list into a collection for his notification feature.  
- He will test the new structure and inform the team of any resulting issues.  

**6. Special Addition Feature**  
- Team will brainstorm semi-solid, feasible ideas before the next meeting.  
- **Vanshâ€™s Proposal:** Incorporate AI for intelligent search and event filtering in the app.  

---

## ğŸ§© Deliverables and Tools Discussed

### Deliverables
- Fix Javadoc compilation errors.  
- Write and verify test cases for all implemented features.  
- Merge all active branches with the updated main branch.  
- Review and update database structure for event and waiting list management.  
- Begin ideation and feasibility testing for the â€œSpecial Additionâ€ feature.  

### Tools
- **Version Control:** GitHub (frequent commits and pull requests)  
- **Communication:** Discord  
- **Documentation:** Markdown files in the repository  
- **Database Management:** Firebase (potential updates to structure)  

---

## âœ… Action Items

| Task | Assigned To | Notes | Due Date | Status |
|------|--------------|-------|----------|--------|
| Fix Javadoc compilation issues | All Members | Review errors and consult TA if needed | 2025-11-18 | ğŸ• In Progress |
| Write missing test cases | All Members | Each member tests their own implemented functions | 2025-11-18 | â˜ Not Started |
| Review and update database structure | Aalpesh | Implement waiting list as a collection and check for integration issues | 2025-11-18 | ğŸ• In Progress |
| Update branches and close unused ones | All Members | Sync with main branch and clean up old branches | 2025-11-18 | ğŸ• In Progress |
| Brainstorm ideas for â€œSpecial Additionâ€ feature | All Members | Discuss at next meeting | 2025-11-18 | â˜ Not Started |


---

## ğŸ“… Next Steps
- Meet on **Nov 18** to finalize database updates and feature ideas.  
- Begin implementation of the chosen â€œSpecial Additionâ€ feature.  
- Merge updated code into the main branch and test for stability.  
- Prepare for the **final project completion by Nov 26â€“27**.  

---

## ğŸ’¬ Notes / Additional Comments
- Maintain clear communication about merge conflicts and incomplete features.  
- Ensure all commits have detailed and descriptive messages.  
- Encourage collaboration across Admin and Organiser teams during UI integration.  

---

> _Last updated: 2025-11-12_  
> _Prepared by: Sai Vashnavi Jattu_
